Added readable __repr__ to the Tracker class which includes attribute… (#9592)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

Reviewer: Don't forget to add yourself as a contributor.

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * Added a readable `` __repr__`` method for the ``Tracker`` class [(#9592)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9592)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a readable `` __repr__`` method for the ``Tracker`` class 
  [(#9592)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9592)
```

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * Added a readable `` __repr__`` method for the ``Tracker`` class 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a `` __repr__`` method for the ``Tracker`` class to improve readability.
```

Francesco Pernice Botta,
Jay Soni,
Paul Haochen Wang,
David Wierichs,
Jake Zaia,

> Nidarshana Srinath.

Reviewer: Our contributor list is organized alphabetically by last name—could you adjust your placement accordingly? 😄
